feat: Update GitHub Actions workflow and documentation for branching … (#1189)
browser-use/browser-use: README.md

To learn more about the library, check out the [local setup 📕](https://docs.browser-use.com/development/local-setup).

> # Browser Use
> 
> ## Branching and Tagging Strategy
> 
> ### Branches
> - **`stable`**: Reflects the latest stable release. Updated only when a new stable release is published.
> - **`main`**: The primary development branch. Updated frequently with the latest changes.
> 
> ### Tags
> - **`x.x.x`**: Stable release tags, created for production-ready releases.
> - **`x.x.xrcXX`**: Pre-release tags, created for testing and unstable releases.
> 
> ### Workflow
> - **Push to `main`**: Runs pre-commit hooks and tests.
> - **Stable Releases**: Published to PyPI and updates the `stable` branch.
> - **Pre-Releases**: Published to PyPI as pre-releases every Friday at 5 PM UTC.
> ---

Reviewer: ```suggestion

`main` is the primary development branch with frequent changes. For production use, install a stable [versioned release](https://github.com/browser-use/browser-use/releases) instead.

---
```
